# 7.3 Feature Description

## 7.3.1 Power Supply

The device has three power supply inputs, DVDD, VBAT and PVDD, which are described as follows:

**DVDD** This is a 1.8V or 3.3V supply that is connected at the DVDD pin and provides power to the digital circuitry.

**VBAT** This pin is a higher voltage supply that can be connected to the vehicle battery or the regulated voltage rail in a boosted system within the recommended limits. For best performance, this rail is 10V or higher. See the Recommended Operating Conditions table for the maximum supply voltage. This supply rail is used for higher voltage analog circuits but not the output FETs.

**PVDD** This pin is a high current supply that can either be connected to the vehicle battery or to another voltage rail in a boosted system. The PVDD pin supplies the power to the output FETs and can be within the Recommended Operating Conditions, even if that is below the VBAT supply, to allow for dynamic voltage systems.

Several on-chip regulators are included generating the voltages necessary for the internal circuitry. The external pins are provided only for bypass capacitors to filter the supply and are not be used to power other circuits.

The device can withstand fortuitous open ground and power conditions within the absolute maximum ratings for the device. Fortuitous open ground usually occurs when a speaker wire is shorted to ground, allowing for a second ground path through the body diode in the output FETs.

### 7.3.1.1 Power-Supply Sequence

In a typical system, the VBAT and PVDD supplies are both connected to the vehicle battery and power up at the same time.

#### 7.3.1.1.1 Power-Up Sequence

At power-up, the PD pin is recommended to be kept low until all three power supply rails (VBAT, PVDD, DVDD) are within the Recommended Operating Conditions.

When all power rails are applied and ready, releasing the PD pin powers up the internal digital circuitry. After releasing the PD pin a minimum 4ms wait time is recommended before releasing the STBY pin. Releasing the STBY pin powers up the internal analog circuitry. If this sequence is not possible and PD as well as STBY have to be released at the same time, the following state transition can take up to 6ms in which the device powers up the analog circuitry and maintains a proper internal boot procedure.

Any time a power fault happens after the analog circuitry is powered up (VBAT ready and STBY released), TAS6754-Q1 leaves PLAY or other states and go back to the Auto Recovery (AUTOREC) State, until the power fault disappears.