# 7.3.3.6 Low Latency Signal Path

For time-sensitive audio signals that require a minimal processing delay, such as active noise cancellation (ANC) or road noise cancellation (RNC), TAS6754-Q1 offers a low latency signal path. At 48kHz sampling frequency, this path reduces the signal delay by more than 70% between the input and output of the amplifier by minimizing the internal signal processing.

The low latency signal path is established in parallel to the regular audio signal path. When both signal paths are provided with input data, the two signals - audio and low latency - for each channel are internally mixed together right before the output amplification stage of the channel. Both signals are added together and the combined signal amplitude must not exceed the available gain range nor the voltage headroom to avoid distortion. Note that the low latency signals pass through the device with less delay than the regular audio path signals.

The low latency signal path is only available at a sampling frequency of 48kHz or 96kHz.

## 7.3.3.3 Analog Gain

TAS6754-Q1 allows the user to set the analog gain for each channel pair and in increments of 0.5dB.

A gain setting of 0dB corresponds with a peak output voltage of 28V/FS at full scale digital input. TI recommends to select the lowest possible gain for the expected PVDD operation to optimize output noise and dynamic range performance.

Only change the Analog Gain setting while affected channels are in DEEP SLEEP or SLEEP state.

As the device enters PLAY State, the device gradually ramps the analog gain to the desired value in steps of 0.5dB.

## 7.3.3.4 Digital Volume Control

The output channels have a digital-volume control with a range from -103dB to 0dB with 0.5dB steps.

### 7.3.3.4.1 Auto Mute

When detecting a consecutive stream of zero samples at the audio input, the device can automatically set channels into mute. In this mode, the device continues to monitor the input signal, and, depending on the configuration, unmute either individual channels or all channels at the same time when a valid non-zero signal arrives.

## 7.3.3.5 Gain Compensation Biquads

The modulator and output LC filter of the Class-D amplifier can have an undesired influence on frequency response linearity causing frequency drop/peaking. To help compensate for this effect and achieve a flat response, TAS6754-Q1 offers integrated and channel-based gain compensation biquads.

The biquad is configurable by channel and is disabled by default. To enable the desired tuning, the respective coefficients need to be written to the DSP memory.