# 7.3.7 Hardware Control Pins

## 7.3.6.8 Power Failures

The power supplies VBAT, PVDD, DVDD, and charge pump are monitored for undervoltage and overvoltage events as described in Power Fault Events. This automatically engages shutdown and protects the device. VBAT and PVDD safe operating voltage ranges can be found in the Recommended Operating Conditions table.

The device shutdowns if DVDD supply falls below VPOR_OFF. The DVDD POR fault event is described in DVDD Power-On-Reset.

## 7.3.7.1 FAULT Pin

By default the FAULT pin reports fault events and is active low under any of the following conditions:

- Overtemperature shutdown (OTSD) - Latching and non-latching
- Overcurrent Limit and Shutdown events - Latching
- DC Detect - Latching

Register bits are available to mask fault categories from reporting to the FAULT pin. These bits only mask the setting of the pin and do not affect the register reporting or protection of the device. Additional fault events can be assigned to be reported by the FAULT pin. These include:

- Power Faults - Latching and non-latching
- DC Load Diagnostic faults
- Real-time Load Diagnostic reports - Latching and non-latching
- Clock Errors - Latching
- Charge Pump faults - Latching and non-latching
- Warning events

This pin is an open-drain output with an internal 110 kΩ pull-up resistor to DVDD.

## 7.3.7.2 PD Pin

The PD pin is active low. When asserted the device goes into shutdown and current draw is limited to a minimum. During shutdown all internal blocks are powered off and registers initialize to default values during the next start-up.

This pin has a 110kΩ internal pull-down resistor.

## 7.3.7.3 STBY Pin

The STBY pin is active low. When asserted, the STBY pin sets the device into DEEP SLEEP state. In this mode the device has a reduced current while the output pins are placed into a Hi-Z state. All internal analog bias are disabled. In DEEP SLEEP and while DVDD is present, the I2C bus is active and the internal registers are active.

This pin has a 110kΩ internal pull-down resistor.

## 7.3.7.4 GPIO Pins

TAS6754-Q1 offers two configurable GPIO pins. The pins can be configured as input or outputs. The pins must be configured through I2C before becoming operational after Device Initialization and Power-On-Reset (POR).

### 7.3.7.4.1 General Purpose Input

A General Purpose Input (GPI) pin can be configured by assigning a function to the pin through I2C in the related register.

### 7.3.7.4.2 General Purpose Output

A General Purpose Output (GPO) pin can be configured by writing the value of the intended output function to the GPO pin configuration register through I2C. Lists the GPO configuration register address for all GPIO pins.

## 7.3.7.5 Advanced GPIO functions