# 7.3.7.5.1.3 TAS6754-Q1 as clock source for external devices

[STRICT_MODE: LLM output rejected due to potential hallucinated technical values]

New technical tokens detected: 2µs

7.3.7.5.1 Clock Synchronization
TAS6754-Q1 supports multiple options for clock synchronization to improve system EMI behavior and control 
supply peak current conditions.
7.3.7.5.1.1 External SYNC signal (GPIO sync)
Multiple TAS6754-Q1 synchronize the clocks by using an externally provided sync signal.
I2S / TDM
Audio Input 
Serial Clock
.
.
.
.
GPIO_x
TAS67xx-Q1
GPIO_x
TAS67xx-Q1
GPIO_x
TAS67xx-Q1
Figure 7-19. External SYNC signal architecture 
GPIO Sync Source
tLow > 2us
tHigh > 2us
tRise < 20ns
Figure 7-20. GPIO Sync source signal
7.3.7.5.1.2 Synchronization through the audio serial clock (SCLK)
Multiple TAS6754-Q1 synchronize clocks through the Audio Serial Clock (SCLK).
I2S / TDM
Audio Input 
Serial Clock
.
.
.
.
SCLK
TAS67xx-Q1
SCLK
TAS67xx-Q1
SCLK
TAS67xx-Q1
Figure 7-21. Audio serial clock (SCLK) Synchronization architecture
7.3.7.5.1.3 TAS6754-Q1 as clock source for external devices
This synchronization option allows the TAS6754-Q1 to share the devices clock with external system components 
such as a DC-DC regulator. In this mode the device shares internal ramp clock through the selected GPIO 
pin. If Spread Spectrum is enabled, the clock output is affected and share the spread signal frequency with the 
www.ti.com
TAS6754-Q1
SLOSE88A – DECEMBER 2024 – REVISED MARCH 2025
Copyright © 2025 Texas Instruments Incorporated
Submit Document Feedback
33
Product Folder Links: TAS6754-Q1


