# 7.4 Device Functional Modes

## 7.4.1 Internal Reporting Signals

To support software driver development, the TAS6754-Q1 allows the flexible configuration of internal fault and warning signals. These signals, where applicable, can be configured based on current device status registers or events stored in memory registers. These signals can be configured and routed to the available GPIO pins for signaling purposes.

### 7.4.1.1 Fault Signal

Automotive systems have a high demand on gathering device information in case of unexpected conditions. TAS6754-Q1 allows for a flexible configuration of fault information necessary for higher level system software to effectively control the system.

The Fault Signal can be configured to be active in response to the following Fault Events:

- Power Fault (latched or non-latched)
- Overtemperature Shutdown (latched or non-latched)
- DC Load Diagnostic events
- Overcurrent limiting and shutdown (latched)
- DC Detect (latched)
- Channels entering the FAULT state
- Real-Time Load Diagnostics faults (latched)
- Clock error (latched)
- Charge Pump Fault (latched)

The Fault Signal, by default, gets routed to the FAULT to create a HW signal. The Fault Signal can optionally be routed to additional GPIO pins.

There are two report bits for Fault signals:

- **GLOBAL FAULT** - Reports any active fault in device, regardless of fault signal configuration
- **FAULT SIGNAL** - Reports active fault signals that are configured accordingly in the fault signal configuration registers

### 7.4.1.2 Warning Signal

The Warning Signal can be configured to be active in response to the following Warning Events:

- Power Fault (latched or non-latched)
- Overtemperature Shutdown (latched or non-latched)
- Overtemperature Warning (latched or non-latched)
- DC Load Diagnostic events
- Overcurrent limiting (latched or non-latched)
- Clip Detect (latched or non-latched)
- Real-Time Load Diagnostics faults (latched)
- Clock error (latched)

The Warning Signal is by default not routed to a pin. TAS6754-Q1 can be configured to route warning signals to GPIO pins to create a HW signal.

- **GLOBAL WARNING** - Reports any active warning in device, regardless of warning signal configuration with the exception of Clock Fault events.
- **WARNING SIGNAL** - Reports active warning signals that are configured accordingly in the warning signal configuration registers

## 7.4.2 Device States and Flags

### 7.4.2.1 Audio Channel States

Every audio channel has a set of states that carefully control the set up and shut down procedure of an audio path from source to load. These states are listed in Table 7-2.