# 8.3.1 Layout Guidelines

The TAS6754-Q1 has two output channels on each side of the device, to achieve the best thermal performance. See Typical Application for a typical application schematic. Figure 8-2 shows a reference low EMI layout.

## 8.3.1.1 Electrical Connection of Thermal pad and Heat Sink

For the DKQ package, the heat sink connected to the thermal pad of the device is connected to GND. The heat slug must not be connected to any other electrical node.

## 8.3.1.2 EMI Considerations

Automotive-level EMI performance depends on both careful integrated circuit design and good system-level design. Controlling sources of electromagnetic interference (EMI) was a major consideration in all aspects of the design. The design has minimal parasitic inductances because of the short leads on the package which reduces the EMI that results from current passing from the die to the system PCB. Each channel also operates at a different phase. The design also incorporates circuitry that optimizes output transitions that cause EMI.

For optimizing the EMI a solid ground layer plane is recommended. While the TAS6754-Q1 EVM layout is a good starting point, the EVM layout is not recommended for EMC testing. Further board level optimizations are suggested to maintain that the EMI requirements are passed. A first reference is seen in Figure 8-2

## 8.3.1.3 General Guidelines

Refer to Section 8.3.2 for the following guidelines:

- **PVDD decoupling capacitors, A.** The 100nF capacitors are placed on the same layer and very close to the device, with the ground return close to the PGND pins. The 1μF capacitors can be placed on the back of the PCB.

- **Traces that carry large currents incorporate multiple vias, B,** to reduce the series impedance of these traces.

- **A ground plane, C,** on the same side as the device pins, helps reduce EMI by providing a very-low loop impedance for the high-frequency switching current. This plane has many vias between the ground planes on other layers.

- **The ground connections for the capacitors in the LC filter, D,** have a direct path back to the device and also the ground return for each channel is the shared. This direct path allows for improved common mode EMI rejection. This is on the same layer of the PCB as the TAS6754-Q1.

- **OUT_xP inductor, OUT_xP to OUT_xM capacitor, and the OUT_xM to GND capacitor, E,** need to have minimum loop size, starting from the device's OUT pin to GND pins. These are the switching related PCB traces. The loop size directly influences the electric field coupling.

- **Heat sink mounting screws, F,** are close to the device to keep the loop short from the package to ground, providing a low impedance trace for the high frequency noise coupled into the heat sink back to the PCB.

---

## 8.2.2 Power Supply Recommendations

The TAS6754-Q1 requires three power supplies. The PVDD supply is the high-current supply in the recommended supply range. The VBAT supply is lower current supply that must be in the recommended supply range. The PVDD and VBAT pins can be connected to the same supply. When using a higher voltage, TI recommends to use automotive battery voltage for VBAT for improved efficiency. The DVDD supply is the 1.8Vdc or 3.3Vdc logic supply and must be maintained in the tolerance as shown in the Recommended Operating Conditions in the device data sheet.

## 8.2.3 Power Supply Decoupling

The power supply decoupling has multiple functions. The large electrolytic capacitor is used to reduce the PVDD voltage ripple due to the audio frequencies. The 1μF MLCC on each group of PVDD pins is to reduce the PVDD voltage ripple at the PWM switching frequency and the 100nF is for EMI reduction. The large electrolytic capacitor value is dependent on the regulation capabilities of the boost converter used. If a battery is used with long wires, a larger value is needed to reduce the voltage ripple in the audio band to meet the output power requirements.

## 8.3 Layout