# 6.3.4  Video playback streaming (gplay)

For this use case, the i.MX 93 EVK board is connected to an HDMI display through the MIPI-to-HDMI converter card (IMX-MIPI-HDMI).

The video file used for playback is streamed through HTTP. An MP4 file format compressed using the H.264 480 p resolution at 24 fps. The audio encoding is AACL with a 44.1 kHz sample rate in a two-channel configuration.

When the use case is running, the state of the system is as follows:

1. The CPU frequency is set to the maximum value of 1.7 GHz.
2. The DDR data rate is set to 3733 MT/s.
3. The CM33 is in reset hold, waiting for the reset signal release.

## Measuring Power Consumption

To measure the power consumption of video playback streaming, the steps are as follows:

### 1. Network Setup

Connect your PC and board to the same local network.

### 2. Video File Preparation

Prepare the video file, named `480p24.mp4` on the PC.

### 3. Server PC Configuration

On the server PC, perform the following steps:

a. For Windows, download the Node.js from https://nodejs.org/en and install it.

b. To install http-server, use the following command:

```bash
npm install http-server -g
```

c. Enter a target folder that contains the target video in the terminal.

d. To obtain the `<ip_server>` similar to `<ip address:port>`, use `http-server -c-1`.

### 4. Board Configuration

On the board, perform the following steps:

a. Boot the Linux image with `imx93-11x11-evk.dtb`.

b. Connect the HDMI display to the board through the MIPI-to-HDMI converter card (IMX-MIPI-HDMI).

c. Run `setup_video_stream.sh` on the board. See Section 8.